#summary Changes in Revision 3
#labels Featured

= Changes in Version 2 =

== Document Format ==

Historically, I have used the standard .vsd format for editing the diagram, but I have had a request to use the XML variant instead and I am happy to oblige. So now the diagram will be in .vdx format.

== Coordinate Matrix ==

I have put in a coordinate matrix to make finding a particular diagram item easier.

  * To reference a decision icon, use the form _{version}:{column}{row}_ for example *v2:B1*

  * To reference a decision arrow, use the form _{version}:{column}{row},{true|false}_ for example *v2:B1,false*

  * To reference a decision endpoint, use the form _{version}:{column}{row},{true|false}=_ for example *v2:B1,false=* with an optional text label for readability, e.g. *v2:B1,false="503 Service Unavailable"*

== 414 Request URI Too Long ==

Moved *v1:B3* to *v2:B2* as it makes sense to validate the HTTP Request-Line first, and then assess if the request as a whole is malformed.

== Last-Modified > If-Modified-Since? ==

Resolved logic error. Swapped true / false arrows exiting v2:G13 (if the resource has a last modification date before or equal to the If-Modified-Since value, then 304 Unmodified should be returned).

== Extended DELETE response decisions ==

I have extended the decision tree following DELETE *{todo:location}* to cater for the 202 Accepted (but not yet enacted) response and if the response contains an entity.

== Superfluous HTTP-Method check ==

Removed superfluous decision icon at *v1:E3* (already checked by *v2:B7*)

== Extended POST decisions ==

Due to feedback, I have shown the decision tree that if a POST creates a resource with no URI then 200 or 204 are returned (this has caused a fairly significant change in the layout of the diagram).